iproute:Oracle America
tzdata:Oracle America
rpm-plugin-selinux:Oracle America
publicsuffix-list-dafsa:Oracle America
python3-unbound:Oracle America
lvm2-libs:Oracle America
ncurses-libs:Oracle America
python3-linux-procfs:Oracle America
glibc-common:Oracle America
python3-slip:Oracle America
xz-libs:Oracle America
python3-schedutils:Oracle America
libxcrypt:Oracle America
python3-idna:Oracle America
libxml2:Oracle America
python3-cryptography:Oracle America
expat:Oracle America
authselect-libs:Oracle America
libgcrypt:Oracle America
fipscheck:Oracle America
libmnl:Oracle America
virt-what:Oracle America
findutils:Oracle America
dhcp-client:Oracle America
sqlite-libs:Oracle America
plymouth-core-libs:Oracle America
json-c:Oracle America
dbus-glib:Oracle America
libnl3:Oracle America
gobject-introspection:Oracle America
grep:Oracle America
pinentry:Oracle America
libtdb:Oracle America
librepo:Oracle America
keyutils-libs:Oracle America
python3-librepo:Oracle America
libref_array:Oracle America
python3-dnf:Oracle America
libksba:Oracle America
python3-dnf-plugins-core:Oracle America
ethtool:Oracle America
libseccomp:Oracle America
lzo:Oracle America
sssd-kcm:Oracle America
efi-filesystem:Oracle America
NetworkManager-team:Oracle America
device-mapper-persistent-data:Oracle America
openssh-clients:Oracle America
acl:Oracle America
lvm2:Oracle America
grub2-pc-modules:Oracle America
grub2-pc:Oracle America
mozjs52:Oracle America
microcode_ctl:Oracle America
coreutils-common:Oracle America
parted:Oracle America
freetype:Oracle America
man-db:Oracle America
dmidecode:Oracle America
biosdevname:Oracle America
kernel-tools-libs:Oracle America
dosfstools:Oracle America
libnghttp2:Oracle America
rootfiles:Oracle America
libpkgconf:Oracle America
iwl6000-firmware:Oracle America
iptables-libs:Oracle America
iwl3945-firmware:Oracle America
libselinux-utils:Oracle America
iwl135-firmware:Oracle America
libsss_nss_idmap:Oracle America
libyaml:Oracle America
sg3_utils-libs:Oracle America
ipcalc:Oracle America
dnf-data:Oracle America
dhcp-common:Oracle America
openldap:Oracle America
libarchive:Oracle America
elfutils-default-yama-scope:Oracle America
cracklib-dicts:Oracle America
krb5-libs:Oracle America
kpartx:Oracle America
libfdisk:Oracle America
dbus-libs:Oracle America
libblkid:Oracle America
dbus-daemon:Oracle America
kmod-libs:Oracle America
cryptsetup-libs:Oracle America
util-linux:Oracle America
grubby:Oracle America
gnutls:Oracle America
trousers:Oracle America
python3-libs:Oracle America
libsolv:Oracle America
polkit-pkla-compat:Oracle America
cronie:Oracle America
NetworkManager:Oracle America
libsss_certmap:Oracle America
libgcc:Oracle America
libuser:Oracle America
geolite2-city:Oracle America
libldb:Oracle America
hwdata:Oracle America
usermode:Oracle America
selinux-policy:Oracle America
pkgconf-m4:Oracle America
unbound-libs:Oracle America
pcre2:Oracle America
kernel-modules:Oracle America
setup:Oracle America
device-mapper-event:Oracle America
basesystem:Oracle America
python3-configobj:Oracle America
libselinux:Oracle America
python3-iniparse:Oracle America
glibc-langpack-en:Oracle America
python3-pyudev:Oracle America
glibc:Oracle America
python3-libselinux:Oracle America
zlib:Oracle America
python3-libxml2:Oracle America
popt:Oracle America
python3-perf:Oracle America
libcom_err:Oracle America
python3-netifaces:Oracle America
info:Oracle America
python3-asn1crypto:Oracle America
libgpg-error:Oracle America
python3-ply:Oracle America
libuuid:Oracle America
python3-cffi:Oracle America
elfutils-libelf:Oracle America
python3-pyOpenSSL:Oracle America
libstdc++:Oracle America
python3-hwdata:Oracle America
libffi:Oracle America
dbxtool:Oracle America
gmp:Oracle America
fipscheck-lib:Oracle America
audit-libs:Oracle America
openssh:Oracle America
lua-libs:Oracle America
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit:Oracle America
p11-kit:Oracle America
sssd-client:Oracle America
libunistring:Oracle America
dhcp-libs:Oracle America
libtalloc:Oracle America
dracut-network:Oracle America
libassuan:Oracle America
libusbx:Oracle America
jansson:Oracle America
plymouth-scripts:Oracle America
libattr:Oracle America
logrotate:Oracle America
sed:Oracle America
python3-dbus:Oracle America
libsmartcols:Oracle America
teamd:Oracle America
pcre:Oracle America
python3-gobject-base:Oracle America
which:Oracle America
libsecret:Oracle America
libsemanage:Oracle America
gnupg2-smime:Oracle America
file-libs:Oracle America
gpgme:Oracle America
gdbm-libs:Oracle America
libdnf:Oracle America
libaio:Oracle America
python3-hawkey:Oracle America
libcollection:Oracle America
python3-gpg:Oracle America
libnl3-cli:Oracle America
python3-rpm:Oracle America
nettle:Oracle America
dnf:Oracle America
diffutils:Oracle America
cpio:Oracle America
dnf-plugins-core:Oracle America
libdhash:Oracle America
dnf-plugin-spacewalk:Oracle America
libnfnetlink:Oracle America
libsss_idmap:Oracle America
p11-kit-trust:Oracle America
libnfsidmap:Oracle America
pciutils-libs:Oracle America
sssd-common:Oracle America
newt:Oracle America
yum:Oracle America
squashfs-tools:Oracle America
tuned:Oracle America
libteam:Oracle America
rsyslog:Oracle America
gdbm:Oracle America
shim-x64:Oracle America
groff-base:Oracle America
openssh-server:Oracle America
vim-minimal:Oracle America
libpsl:Oracle America
chrony:Oracle America
ipset-libs:Oracle America
grub2-efi-x64:Oracle America
mpfr:Oracle America
NetworkManager-tui:Oracle America
snappy:Oracle America
initscripts:Oracle America
libmetalink:Oracle America
rng-tools:Oracle America
e2fsprogs-libs:Oracle America
dracut-config-rescue:Oracle America
libpng:Oracle America
xfsprogs:Oracle America
pigz:Oracle America
prefixdevname:Oracle America
c-ares:Oracle America
irqbalance:Oracle America
fuse-libs:Oracle America
sg3_utils:Oracle America
hdparm:Oracle America
efibootmgr:Oracle America
less:Oracle America
libndp:Oracle America
libpath_utils:Oracle America
libpipeline:Oracle America
pkgconf:Oracle America
libpcap:Oracle America
iptables:Oracle America
nftables:Oracle America
libsigsegv:Oracle America
libsss_autofs:Oracle America
libsss_sudo:Oracle America
libverto:Oracle America
ncurses:Oracle America
numactl-libs:Oracle America
libestr:Oracle America
libmaxminddb:Oracle America
libxkbcommon:Oracle America
libreport-filesystem:Oracle America
kbd-misc:Oracle America
firewalld-filesystem:Oracle America
dbus-common:Oracle America
libssh:Oracle America
libcurl:Oracle America
libkcapi-hmaccalc:Oracle America
libdb-utils:Oracle America
openssl:Oracle America
elfutils-libs:Oracle America
cracklib:Oracle America
gettext-libs:Oracle America
procps-ng:Oracle America
libtirpc:Oracle America
grub2-tools-minimal:Oracle America
device-mapper:Oracle America
rpm:Oracle America
libmount:Oracle America
glib2:Oracle America
dbus-tools:Oracle America
systemd-libs:Oracle America
device-mapper-libs:Oracle America
ca-certificates:Oracle America
libutempter:Oracle America
kmod:Oracle America
kbd:Oracle America
systemd-pam:Oracle America
dracut:Oracle America
pam:Oracle America
rpm-libs:Oracle America
openssl-libs:Oracle America
crypto-policies:Oracle America
grub2-tools:Oracle America
dbus:Oracle America
systemd-udev:Oracle America
platform-python-pip:Oracle America
platform-python:Oracle America
python3-six:Oracle America
python3-decorator:Oracle America
device-mapper-event-libs:Oracle America
polkit:Oracle America
python3-newt:Oracle America
crontabs:Oracle America
cronie-anacron:Oracle America
NetworkManager-libnm:Oracle America
grub2-tools-extra:Oracle America
libevent:Oracle America
iprutils:Oracle America
hostname:Oracle America
langpacks-en:Oracle America
iwl7260-firmware:Oracle America
iwl6000g2a-firmware:Oracle America
iwl5150-firmware:Oracle America
iwl4965-firmware:Oracle America
iwl3160-firmware:Oracle America
iwl2000-firmware:Oracle America
iwl105-firmware:Oracle America
iwl100-firmware:Oracle America
policycoreutils:Oracle America
geolite2-country:Oracle America
passwd:Oracle America
xkeyboard-config:Oracle America
selinux-policy-targeted:Oracle America
ncurses-base:Oracle America
timedatex:Oracle America
filesystem:Oracle America
python3-dateutil:Oracle America
bash:Oracle America
python3-libcomps:Oracle America
libsepol:Oracle America
python3-dmidecode:Oracle America
bzip2-libs:Oracle America
kernel-tools:Oracle America
libcap:Oracle America
python3-pycparser:Oracle America
readline:Oracle America
chkconfig:Oracle America
bind-export-libs:Oracle America
libcap-ng:Oracle America
mokutil:Oracle America
grub2-common:Oracle America
dracut-squash:Oracle America
libidn2:Oracle America
libgudev:Oracle America
efivar-libs:Oracle America
plymouth:Oracle America
libacl:Oracle America
python3-slip-dbus:Oracle America
lz4-libs:Oracle America
python3-firewall:Oracle America
libtevent:Oracle America
gnupg2:Oracle America
file:Oracle America
python3-libdnf:Oracle America
libbasicobjects:Oracle America
rpm-build-libs:Oracle America
libnftnl:Oracle America
libgomp:Oracle America
python3-dnf-plugin-spacewalk:Oracle America
libedit:Oracle America
libtasn1:Oracle America
sssd-nfs-idmap:Oracle America
slang:Oracle America
firewalld:Oracle America
libnetfilter_conntrack:Oracle America
kexec-tools:Oracle America
xz:Oracle America
authselect:Oracle America
efivar:Oracle America
kernel:Oracle America
ipset:Oracle America
audit:Oracle America
libcomps:Oracle America
sudo:Oracle America
libss:Oracle America
e2fsprogs:Oracle America
brotli:Oracle America
hardlink:Oracle America
lshw:Oracle America
libdaemon:Oracle America
lsscsi:Oracle America
libini_config:Oracle America
iwl6050-firmware:Oracle America
pkgconf-pkg-config:Oracle America
iwl5000-firmware:Oracle America
iptables-ebtables:Oracle America
iwl2030-firmware:Oracle America
gawk:Oracle America
iwl1000-firmware:Oracle America
libsysfs:Oracle America
npth:Oracle America
libfastjson:Oracle America
linux-firmware:Oracle America
kbd-legacy:Oracle America
cyrus-sasl-lib:Oracle America
libkcapi:Oracle America
curl:Oracle America
gzip:Oracle America
libcroco:Oracle America
libnsl2:Oracle America
openssl-pkcs11:Oracle America
gettext:Oracle America
coreutils:Oracle America
shadow-utils:Oracle America
shared-mime-info:Oracle America
libpwquality:Oracle America
libdb:Oracle America
trousers-lib:Oracle America
os-prober:Oracle America
systemd:Oracle America
platform-python-setuptools:Oracle America
libmodulemd1:Oracle America
polkit-libs:Oracle America
kernel-core:Oracle America
iputils:Oracle America
ima-evm-utils:Oracle America
