tzdata:Oracle America
glibc-common:Oracle America
libxml2:Oracle America
plymouth-core-libs:Oracle America
efi-filesystem:Oracle America
grub2-pc-modules:Oracle America
grub2-pc:Oracle America
mozjs52:Oracle America
coreutils-common:Oracle America
parted:Oracle America
dbus-libs:Oracle America
dbus-daemon:Oracle America
kmod-libs:Oracle America
grubby:Oracle America
python3-libs:Oracle America
libgcc:Oracle America
selinux-policy:Oracle America
glibc-langpack-en:Oracle America
glibc:Oracle America
python3-libxml2:Oracle America
libstdc++:Oracle America
dracut-network:Oracle America
plymouth-scripts:Oracle America
gpgme:Oracle America
libdnf:Oracle America
python3-hawkey:Oracle America
python3-gpg:Oracle America
dnf-plugin-spacewalk:Oracle America
tuned:Oracle America
shim-x64:Oracle America
chrony:Oracle America
grub2-efi-x64:Oracle America
dracut-config-rescue:Oracle America
xfsprogs:Oracle America
fuse-libs:Oracle America
efibootmgr:Oracle America
libreport-filesystem:Oracle America
dbus-common:Oracle America
libkcapi-hmaccalc:Oracle America
openssl:Oracle America
grub2-tools-minimal:Oracle America
dbus-tools:Oracle America
systemd-libs:Oracle America
kmod:Oracle America
systemd-pam:Oracle America
dracut:Oracle America
openssl-libs:Oracle America
grub2-tools:Oracle America
dbus:Oracle America
systemd-udev:Oracle America
platform-python:Oracle America
polkit:Oracle America
grub2-tools-extra:Oracle America
policycoreutils:Oracle America
selinux-policy-targeted:Oracle America
grub2-common:Oracle America
dracut-squash:Oracle America
plymouth:Oracle America
python3-libdnf:Oracle America
libgomp:Oracle America
python3-dnf-plugin-spacewalk:Oracle America
kexec-tools:Oracle America
libkcapi:Oracle America
coreutils:Oracle America
os-prober:Oracle America
systemd:Oracle America
polkit-libs:Oracle America
